# Chinook-digital-music-store-analysis

# An analysis of Chinook digital music store. The analysis is split into four sections:

## 1. Artists and Tracks Overview

## 2. Employee & Customer Dynamics

## 3. Sales & Performance Metrics

## 4. Marketing Initiative Proposal


### * Artists and Tracks Overview
  
In this segment, we’ll explore insights on top artists, playlists and tracks that define our digital store.

Target team: Marketing and Content Teams – to inform marketing strategies and content creation.
 
Key Questions Explored:

- Which artists lead the pack with the most extensive collections of albums?
- What are the number of tracks in each playlists?
- What is the average song track length per genre?

### * Employee & Customer Dynamics

In this segment, we’ll explore data on customer interactions, employee performance and store employee hierarchy.

Target team: Customer Service or HR Teams – to inform customer relation techniques.
 
Key Questions Explored:

- How many customers does each customer support agent attend to?
- What is the total amount generated by all the customers supported by each agent?
- Who does each employee report to?

### * Sales & Performance Metrics

In this segment, we’ll explore sales performance, revenue and key sales metrics from invoice records.

Target team: Sales Team
 
Key Questions Explored:

- What are the top performing countries, highlighting their revenue?
- What is the trend of earnings across years?
- What are the genres with the highest number of purchases in each country?

### * Marketing Initiative Proposal

In this segment we’ll the potential of a promotional campaign event in USA focusing on our top genre- Rock.

Target team: Management Team

Key areas explored:
  
- Who the customers that are most likely to be intrested in this event based on their purchase history?

